



#combo rockers
set_location_assignment PIN_AD21 -to rock1
set_location_assignment PIN_AC21 -to rock2
set_location_assignment PIN_AB21 -to rock3
set_location_assignment PIN_AB22 -to rock4

#FSM
set_location_assignment PIN_AD19 -to FSM

#clock
set_location_assignment PIN_AC19 -to clock

#Entry 1
set_location_assignment PIN_Y23 -to e11
set_location_assignment PIN_Y24 -to e12
set_location_assignment PIN_AA22 -to e13
set_location_assignment PIN_AA23 -to e14

#7 seg 0
set_location_assignment PIN_G18 -to 1a
set_location_assignment PIN_F22 -to 1b
set_location_assignment PIN_E17 -to 1c
set_location_assignment PIN_L26 -to 1d
set_location_assignment PIN_L25 -to 1e
set_location_assignment PIN_J22 -to 1f
set_location_assignment PIN_H22 -to 1g




#no daughter
#combo rockers
set_location_assignment PIN_AD27 -to rock1
set_location_assignment PIN_AC27 -to rock2
set_location_assignment PIN_AC28 -to rock3
set_location_assignment PIN_AB28 -to rock4

#FSM
set_location_assignment PIN_M23 -to FSM
#clock
set_location_assignment PIN_M21 -to clock



#Entry 4
set_location_assignment PIN_Y23 -to e31
set_location_assignment PIN_Y24 -to e32
set_location_assignment PIN_AA22 -to e33
set_location_assignment PIN_AA23 -to e34

#Entry 3
set_location_assignment PIN_AB24 -to e31
set_location_assignment PIN_AC24 -to e32
set_location_assignment PIN_AB25 -to e33
set_location_assignment PIN_AC25 -to e34

#Entry 2
set_location_assignment PIN_AB26 -to e21
set_location_assignment PIN_AD26 -to e22
set_location_assignment PIN_AC26 -to e23
set_location_assignment PIN_AB27 -to e24

#Entry 1
set_location_assignment PIN_AD27 -to e11
set_location_assignment PIN_AC27 -to e12
set_location_assignment PIN_AC28 -to e13
set_location_assignment PIN_AB28 -to e14




#7 seg 3
set_location_assignment PIN_V21 -to 1a
set_location_assignment PIN_U21 -to 1b
set_location_assignment PIN_AB20 -to 1c
set_location_assignment PIN_AA21 -to 1d
set_location_assignment PIN_AD24 -to 1e
set_location_assignment PIN_AF23 -to 1f
set_location_assignment PIN_Y19 -to 1g

#7 seg 2
set_location_assignment PIN_AA25 -to 2a
set_location_assignment PIN_AA26 -to 2b
set_location_assignment PIN_Y25 -to 2c
set_location_assignment PIN_W26 -to 2d
set_location_assignment PIN_Y26 -to 2e
set_location_assignment PIN_W27 -to 2f
set_location_assignment PIN_W28 -to 2g

#7 seg 1
set_location_assignment PIN_M24 -to 3a
set_location_assignment PIN_Y22 -to 3b
set_location_assignment PIN_W21 -to 3c
set_location_assignment PIN_W22 -to 3d
set_location_assignment PIN_W25 -to 3e
set_location_assignment PIN_U23 -to 3f
set_location_assignment PIN_U24 -to 3g

#7 seg 0
set_location_assignment PIN_G18 -to 4a
set_location_assignment PIN_F22 -to 4b
set_location_assignment PIN_E17 -to 4c
set_location_assignment PIN_L26 -to 4d
set_location_assignment PIN_L25 -to 4e
set_location_assignment PIN_J22 -to 4f
set_location_assignment PIN_H22 -to 4g





#7 seg 6
set_location_assignment PIN_AA17 -to 1a2
set_location_assignment PIN_AB16 -to 1b2
set_location_assignment PIN_AA16 -to 1c2
set_location_assignment PIN_AB17 -to 1d2
set_location_assignment PIN_AB15 -to 1e2
set_location_assignment PIN_AA15 -to 1f2
set_location_assignment PIN_AC17 -to 1g2

#7 seg 7
set_location_assignment PIN_AD17 -to 1a1
set_location_assignment PIN_AE17 -to 1b1
set_location_assignment PIN_AG17 -to 1c1
set_location_assignment PIN_AH17 -to 1d1
set_location_assignment PIN_AF17 -to 1e1
set_location_assignment PIN_AG18 -to 1f1
set_location_assignment PIN_AA14 -to 1g1

